[DOCS-12394] Add quota worker limits (#32315)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/observability_pipelines/processors/quota.en.md

You can also use field-based partitioning, such as `service`, `env`, `status`. Each unique fields uses a separate quota bucket with its own daily quota limit. See [Partition example](#partition-example) for more information.

**Note**: The pipeline uses the name of the quota to identify the same quota across multiple Remote Configuration deployments of the Worker.

### Limits

> - Each pipeline can have up to 1000 buckets. If you need to increase the bucket limit, contact your account manager.

Author: ```suggestion
- Each pipeline can have up to 1000 buckets. If you need to increase the bucket limit, [contact support][5005].
```
